Remove test_groupby_agg_extension (marked xfail) (#54272)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v2.1.0.rst

- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.reindex` with a ``fill_value`` that should be inferred with a :class:`ExtensionDtype` incorrectly inferring ``object`` dtype (:issue:`52586`)
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.shift` and :meth:`Series.shift` and :meth:`DataFrameGroupBy.shift` when passing both "freq" and "fill_value" silently ignoring "fill_value" instead of raising ``ValueError`` (:issue:`53832`)
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.shift` with ``axis=1`` on a :class:`DataFrame` with a single :class:`ExtensionDtype` column giving incorrect results (:issue:`53832`)

> - Bug in :meth:`GroupBy.first` the helper function should return the NA value of the EA if all values are NA (:issue:`39098`)
> - Bug in :meth:`GroupBy.last` the helper function should return the NA value of the EA if all values are NA (:issue:`39098`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`GroupBy.first` and :meth:`GroupBy.last` where an empty group would return ``np.nan`` instead of a an ExtensionArray's NA value (:issue:`39098`)
```

Author: Will do.
